docs: mention the `building` variable to execute non-prerenderable code in server handle (#13153)
sveltejs/kit: documentation/docs/30-advanced/20-hooks.md

If unimplemented, defaults to `({ event, resolve }) => resolve(event)`.

> If you need to exclude some code from running during the build or prerendering step, check that the app is not [`building`]($app-environment#building) beforehand.

Reviewer: Not sure if this suffices - the confusion is also about why `handle` even is executed

Reviewer: Not quite - the question is also "why is that route even requested during prerendering, I did `export const prerender = false`"

Author: How about
```suggestion
During prerendering, SvelteKit crawls your pages for links and invokes the `handle` hook for each route it finds. If you need to exclude some code from running during this phase, check that the app is not [`building`]($app-environment#building) beforehand.
```

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
During prerendering, SvelteKit crawls your pages for links and renders each route it finds. Rendering the route invokes the `handle` function (and all other route dependencies, like `load`). If you need to exclude some code from running during this phase, check that the app is not [`building`]($app-environment#building) beforehand.
```
